Update COMPILING.md (#2315)
jamulussoftware/jamulus: COMPILING.md

2. [Download and install qt5 with the Qt Installer](https://www.qt.io/download) (not homebrew). Explicitly select iOS when choosing the Qt version
3. Go to the folder of the Jamulus source code via terminal and run `/path/to/qt/5.15.2/ios/bin/qmake -spec macx-xcode Jamulus.pro` to generate an .xcodeproject file
4. Open the generated .xcodeproject in Xcode

> 5. Go to the Signing & Capabilities tab and fix signing errors by setting a team. Xcode might tell you if you need to change anything else like the bundle id. For instance, you can use your free Apple Developer Program Account as a Personal Team, and set it up under Xcode Menu->Preferences->Accounts. Then choose a Bundle Identifier at your choice in the relevant field under General Tab in section Identity. Then go to Signing & Capabilities tab, section Identity, the Automatic manage signing option and you should get Team: (Your Name) (Personal Team), Bundle identifier: (the same you modified on General Tab), Provisioning Profile: Xcode Management Profile, Signing Certificate: Apple Development (your e-mail used for signing in to Apple)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Go to the Signing & Capabilities tab and fix signing errors by setting a team. Xcode will tell you what you need to change.
* If have a free Apple Developer Account, you can use it as a "Personal Team":
* Set it up under Xcode Menu->Preferences->Accounts. 
* Then choose a Bundle Identifier at your choice in the relevant field in the "General" Tab (in section "Identity")
* Now click on the "Signing & Capabilities" tab. In the section "Identity", the "Automatic manage signing" option should be selected.
* You should now see Team: (Your Name) (Personal Team), Bundle identifier: (the same you modified on General Tab), Provisioning Profile: Xcode Management Profile, Signing Certificate: Apple Development (your e-mail used for signing in to Apple)
```

Author: Thank you, suggested change are ok to me.

Reviewer: Great.
